and speak my tranquil ones in style
The Italian is well spoken here.
Welcome to another video on the web
in today's video to be teaching you
to install the mod mode in churchyard
Now you must be wondering what
which is a today side mode side is a mold
revolutionary movement that puts pressure
mode of installing modifications is a
beta version still has bugs limitations
but it already impresses a lot
summing up the love template makes response
everything and install all modifications
without having the game installation for example
Remember that vehicle you need
install it by aussie in gm title
another similar program that strongly
bfre point 3d point files so that
could be replaced because well with the
side mold you will not need
replace the original game file
just put a track in the side mode and
ready maybe many of you do not know
but when we installed some vehicles in the
game you need to replace the files
old Carmópolis in light vehicles is
will have to turn the vehicle around
perfectly with the necessary changes
made by the author of the vehicle
already with the mold in the churchyard you
need to waste more time
replacing line by line of each
because the face itself is
identifies error reacting much
many people do not do anything about it
consequently to install
correct
so there is no need to have
in this work of passing through this
installation process so that
where many examples that
could give about the functionality of this
incredible way that everyone
That's right everyone should have in your gt
if an explanation has not been
need enough for your
understanding please read the
mod archive or visit the blog
of the mix molds in the post in the modification of the
mold in the churchyard to understand and
understand this change without
more relationships now some installation
this modification, which by the way is very
It is installed and to be honest
I do not think I'd even have to have video
ai canopy had are over at sexy carol
not only do I feel in your voice because at last
personnel or an installation now
modifying beauty as you effect
two abstention from the video and have
extracted or open copy paste continued
and the file modulated point to s damage
against you to copy after you have done
this right click on
so gta san andreas and I came here
prove the file after doing so
a control to jump within range
of your gpa
so we can in here bee goes through
read on and make the installation of
modifications
here I have already separated a pass and that
I put some some ways
modifications that are now going to install
good you may want to install will be the
sindieletro the maniac that is passing
a board on the screen for you to see the
which is the hq every pec is a pack of cars
made by rui sa tourism but also
Danny and the improv of the post that is a
another modification that you are also
seeing your screen that is a light
differentiated in the posts of san andreas
the memory and 1024 here my fixed memory
that improves the texture leaves the game and the
real time sic in which practically better
the graphic a bit and the main game
You 're also seeing your screen.
now that you know the modifications
that we are going to install, just give a
control to select all the
files and gives you comfort if you want to copy
done that has a control inside the
pasta mode no adro you are not yours
of 10 floors
thus
done that we can observe that all the
modifications have been installed in a
easy and quick thanks to the
a modification of some
problem
you simply delete the
your continued folder or simply
remove the
like so looking for work thing
would not be possible if the installation
was done otherwise in the case here of the
that I have here car pack of vehicles
he would have to tell him
1.5 objectives that program the
problem is that I liked to give a
Look there we'll have to back it up
of all GT3 files en-mg thing
that there is no need to be part of the
because it is simply dragging
Come in here in case of any problem
or to install the modification
now to show the functionality
This change he opened for
you take a look then be
close the video
so I want to thank you all here
who watched this video and civil house
who have helped in something of sublime
below and if it has not shown much
of the video and want to see channel 5-5
posting a new video to discover also
this video to help in the dissemination of the
channel
do not forget to follow the channel
facebook by the fan page is not that the
channel also has an achievement for those who
does not know the military policy in the description
of the video so you can enjoy and
stay always half of the news of the channel
on the launch of 29 new
modifications and then basically
This is it, I hope it helped.
Thank you very much for watching.
not be enrolled if you sign up and
very good thanks and I went
the wii wii wii
ae
things in the future this rule